This is privately fixed/maintained version of the good old OneHitWonder addon by Sarf.
Originally started by Yury, this version is now maintained by Kinesia.
Included in the package are Dynamic Data and Chronos (necessary for it to function)
Cosmos Legacy, Earth, Sea and Khaos (for the menu settings.) 
[Unpack if you need them, they are archived separately and taken from the lastest Cosmos Alpha at the time of archiving]
Onehitwonder has not only been maintained but has begun expanding from the original.

For those New to One Hit Wonder, it's an extremely complex system with lots of options that lets you bind most of what you need in combat to a single button. For some classes it does a lot more than for others. Rogues have a full range of options for when to use which finisher, etc, while for mages it does little but keep up your buffs automatically.
Try it out. There are a _lot_ of options, play around and see what suits you.

To make it work go to keybindings and bind a specific key for OneHitWonder to something like your third mouse button. Target something and press this button lots!
Autobuffing happens occasionally off other actions such as target changes, etc. It used to be more, but you can't hook movement actions anymore. 
There are other keybinding options but I haven't played around with them greatly personally except for the "on off" switch. (I inherited the addon and I primarily play rogue and hunter and many of the other keybindings are more for healing, buffing and debuffing.) 

To change settings open your Khaos options. If you press "escape" to bring up the menu, Khaos Options should be at the top of the list.
Select "Initial Configuration", OneHitWonder and OHW Hooking should both be listed in the "Other" section.

If anyone wants to write better help than OneHitWonder currently has then have a chat to me.


Things to do:
Paladins - Auto-shield and Auto-Lay on hands (like priests)
Warlocks - Auto-sacrifice Voidwalker
	Don't overwrite existing curse


What was fixed:
1.9 --
Hunters: Option to use Multi-shot in groups.
	Don't use stings on elementals
Priests: Fixed Auto HoT and Auto shield options
	Corrected priority of Holy Fire and SW:P
	Fixed weird targetting bug with SW:P
Paladins: Adjusted timing to allow Seal of Command judgement to work automatically with Hammer of Justice.
	Corrected some issues with auto-use of Hammer of justice
	Corrected some issues with judgement of righteousness options

1.8 -- Fixed auto-curing of debuffs for all classes.
Fixed false immunity reports from mobs like Shadowfang Moonwalkers who have Paladin like shields. Names need to be maintained manually since there is no chat log to accompany their immunity shield.
Fixed functions for calculating health and mana percentages. Some options may work more consistently now.
Paladins: Consecrate only if in melee range of target.
	Option to use Lay on Hands automatically in emergency.
	Option to use Hammer of Wrath
	Option to use Judgement of Righteousness if chosen judgement already free
	
1.7 -- Updated to toc 11200
Hunters: Added Multi-shot properly (was wondering why it wasn't going off!)
Priests: Added Feedback (Human only) to options page.
Paladins: Fixed some Tooltip issues with detecting seals and judgments.
		Added to menu an option for which blessing to keep on self.
		Added option to auto cast Exorcism on Demons or Undead.
		Added option to auto cast Consecration. (Mainly for soloing or tanking).

1.6 -- Added Chronos and Earth to Cosmos package (needed for Khaos menus and for Dynamic Data)
Druids: Settings should save properly.
	Buffs should cast in Moonkin form.
Priests: Shadow Protection shouldn't override Prayer of Shadow Protection
	Divine spirit shouldn't override Prayer of Spirit
Warriors: Added Bloodthirst option.
	Fixed Improved Execute Rage cost.
	Increased BerserkerRage priority. 

1.5 -- Kinesia took over maintenance fully.
Hunters now always keep concussive shot or wingclip up on pvp targets.
Hunters should now concuss targets that are explicitly “running away in fear”
Priests have an added option to not use Mindblast when soloing (now a holy build is possible)
Automatic actions such as buffing no longer activate the combat routines, preventing you from doing “aggressive” actions unless you press whatever key you have tied to “OneHitWonder”. Because of this turning on all hooking options is now safer than it used to be.
Some cases where auto buffing wasn’t occurring have been fixed.
Khaos, Cosmos Legacy and Sea now included in the package since there were too many questions regarding settings and these packages are needed to make the settings Menus work.
Paladins can now select Auras, Seals and Judgements to use from the menus.
Paladins have an option to Hammer runners.

1.4 -- Fixes from Kinesia:
"Abilities used on banished targets were being stored as "immunities" for that elemental. You need to delete your OneHitWonder_CreatureInfoTable from your SavedVariables/OneHitWonder.lua for this to retroactively be supplied.
More tooltip fixes.

Will no longer initiate combat with neutral targets. You need to start combat with them, then OHW will treat them as hostile. (Did this because after fixing some of the tooltip code tab targetted through a mix of hostile and neutral targets would spell cast on each of them.)"

1.3 -- Fixes from Kinesia:
"Hunters will no longer write over other stings with serpent sting automatically (e.g. allowing manual mana drain while still using OHW for other things)
Fixed some of the Tooltip and buff reading problems that led to buffs being inappropriately reapplied.
Raised priority of Slice and Dice for Rogues who enable that option.
Corrected prioritising of some Paladin buffs (Wisdom rather than might. Need to make it a slider in the options though, prefered buff for each class.) ... "

1.2 -- some hooking changes, inner code improvements for options-save. added MortalStrike/Whirlwind/BerserkerRage auto-cast for warriors.

1.1 -- Default hooking options set to "hook everything" to help these w/out Cosmos/Khaos installed to adjust them in UI.

1.0 -- First new relase. Added Cosmos/Khaos integration to control (standart OHW) options in UI. Added custom hooking options to control what events to be hooked for OHW duties. Movement hooks no longer allowed by Blizzard.
    Added Khaos options UI to control hooking.



