3/14/05

One Hit Wonder Priest FAQ 
Version 0.1

What is One Hit Wonder?

OneHitWonder (OHW) is an addon whose purpose is to automatically queue up 
actions which mimic the normal play of a person.  While this sounds suspiciously 
like a bot, it is in fact not, because OHW can perform no actions without the 
continued key-presses of a person present at the keyboard.  Another potentially 
confusing aspect of OHW is that it is designed to do different things for each 
of the different classes, based on the abilities of that class.  For the priest, 
OHW has 2 areas of functionality, automated buffing and automated status effect 
removal.

What does OHW do for priests?
Spells which you would like to have continually reapplied as soon as the spell 
is lost, for whatever reason, are placed in a queue.  The actions in the queue 
may be executed in 2 ways.  The first method is by the interception of key-
presses. The key-ups of frequently used keys are monitored so that whenever 
there is an action in the Continuous Buff queue, and one of the monitored keys 
are released, the action is executed.  This phenomenon is what allows OHW to 
appear as though it is working in the background.  

The current level of Mana, as well as Combat-status, are taken into 
consideration when adding buffs to the Queue.  Spells that qualify for 
Continuous Buffing are Power Word:Fortitude (Level Appropriate), Prayer of 
Fortitude, Divine Spirit, Inner Fire, Shadow Protection, Fear Ward, and Shadow 
Guard.  The second, less automated, method of executing actions in the OHW 
Continuous Buff queue is by the OHW button (bindable in the Key-bindings menu).  
Using the second method affords tighter control of when OHW runs through the 
queue.  The GUI of OHW in the Cosmos Suite allows users to greatly customize the 
behavior of OHW.  The automation of any of the listed spells can be toggled 
individually, and the option to fine-tune the behavior of OHW in groups has also 
been implemented.

In addition, OHW has a mode of operation, It's Buff Time! (IBT), in which all 
beneficial buff-related functions (namely PW:F) can be force-executed regardless 
of mana status.

OHW also monitors the presence of debuffs on the party and attempts to remove 
them using the appropriate spell.  In addition OHW parses the combat log and 
will attempt to remove beneficial buffs from the monsters around you.  The 
ability to toggle this functionality exists.

OHW Extras:
1)	Disabled while mounted
2)	Smart Optimization of "Auto-Inner Fire" regarding combat

by Eraphine
