FEATURES
---------------------------------------
"Tick" is a mod designed to show the current time until the next energy tick, this mod is similar to the old EnergyWatch addon if people have used that before. Tick was designed for Rogues however now fully supports Druids and Cat Form as well. Tick allows you do many things with the bar itself in relation to it's design (changing colors, sizes, scaling, textures etc), and features a lot of different options to say when you want to show the bar itself (such as in combat, when you have a target, always show it, only in cat form (druids) etc), and also when you want the text to be shown (on target, in combat, when you mouse over the bar etc).

KNOWN ISSUES
---------------------------------------
The mini energy bar overlaps the tick bar underneath and noticeable when using less than 50% opacity.
The Tick spark is ahead of the bar or behind it sometimes when the bar is set to a very large width.

CHANGES
---------------------------------------
v1.3
---------------------------------------
Checked and fixed any errors that occured due to the 1.12 patch and updated the toc.
Changed the Height and Width bar boxes to only accept positive values as was intended (+- won't work either).
Added a new option to the bar options that lets you specify if you only want the sound to happen when less than fully energy.
Added a new option to the misc options that lets you specify if you want the full screen flash to open happen when less than full energy.
Added a new option to the Bar Text on page 1 that allows you to color code the target option (&u) which sets red for attackable, green for friendly.
Added a new type of bar to the Tick bar which is a "mini energy bar" which is located below the tick bar.
Changed the mini energy bar so it scales proportionally with the main tick bar when adjusting height / width.
Added a new option to the bar options to enable or disable the mini energy bar.
Added a "debug" method to tick bar, I use the server times of energy regeneration to help sync the mod, but when I'm developing parts of this mod I like to see the tick time for the regeneration, so I've left it in and you can turn it on/off by using "/tick debug". This isn't really a feature, just more of an insight into how the energy regeneration rate isn't always 20 per 2 seconds.
Added an easy way to add custom sounds to Tick bar, in case you prefer to use other sounds than the 9 given in the mod, please read adding_sounds.txt included with Tick.
Added an easy way to add custom textures to Tick, you can read instructions in the "adding_textures.txt" file.
Put the sounds and textures into seperate folders inside the Tick folder for better management.
Added a default non-custom texture back into the mod, that was used pre 0.6 beta.
Various code cleanups in the main lua and xml files and removal of old redundant code.
Made the Tick bar spark a little longer to scale better on larger sized bars.
Split the sound and texture arrays in a new "config.lua" file which is located in the Tick main directory.
Added a new file called config.bak which is a default sound and texture setup for tick in case a mistake is made in config.lua, simply remove config.lua and rename config.bak to config.lua.
Added new options to the Bar Text, these are: " &h " which is current health and " &o " which is maximum health.
Fixed a bug that caused an error when targeting some units (the error was to a gsub around line 142).

v1.2
---------------------------------------
Fixed a major bug that stopped the bar appearing when you entered combat without coming from stealth when using "Use Combat Flags"
Added a new slash command which is "/tick rpos" which resets the position of the Tick bar and Options Frame to the centre of the screen in case
you scale the bar of the screen can't get it back, or move the options frame to a position where you cant move it again.
Added two new edit boxes to the Bar Options (page2) which control height and width adjustements of the bar. However the bar by default
is the smallest you can go, so if you enter height as 1 and width as 1 the bar will not be 1x1, it'll be default height + 1, default width + 1.
Changed the font slider you can now go from 10 to 20, rather than 10 to 15 (mostly to help use text on largely resized bars).
Fixed a problem whereby you had to press enter twice in an editbox to clear focus when it restored a default value
Added new options for the bar text, " &m " is max energy, " &u " is your current target.
The edit box for the Tick bar's text is now a maximum of 30 characters instead of 20 so you can fit more in with the new text options.
The text on the bar itself now wraps, it's max length is that equivalent to the bars width, if the text is longer it wraps accordingly. If the text goes past it's allocated sizes for the height and width, it'll replace any remaining characters after that point with an ellipsis.
The Tick bar background is now non-transparent so custom colors of the bar are easier to see when against something which is the same color
Added a better checking system to Tick for when you enter combat or/and exit combat.
Fixed a Druid problem that caused the bar to act "funny" when you had Reverse Bar enabled.

v1.1
---------------------------------------
Fixed a Druid problem that caused the bar to appear regardless of settings when you entered combat
Changed the way the scale bar works so that the bar doesn't jump around when you scale it
Fixed a couple more alignment issues with the bar itself so when you scale the bar it's proportional
Added a new option to the bar text which is " &t " which gives you the current time of the tick such as "0.7"
Added a full screen flash when the tick happens, you can choose from red/blue colors and can enable/disable it. This was mainly added to help any deaf/hard of hearing users as the bar is fine but the noise is very obvious but they can't hear it, but can see a proper full screen flash whilst concentrating on combat rather than the tick bar.
Changed "Lock Position" so that when you lock it, it also disables all mouse input on the bar.
Removed "Disable Right Click" as it is now redundant with the new "Lock Position".
Removed "Hide Border" command from the bar options due to border changed to backdrop.
Redesigned the tick bar, to use a proper backdrop rather than a texture.
Various random code cleanups and some script rewrites to improve performance.

v1.0
---------------------------------------
Mod is now out of beta, since 90% of the stuff I wanted and the major changes are already in
Added a new feature for Druids that allows them to either always show the bar whilst in or out of cat form
Added a new option to reverse the bar direction from left > right to  right > left
Fixed some more localization issues with the German and French versions (thanks phillnet)
Changed all instances of "Stealth" to "Prowl" for a Druid just for that added extra
Some more code cleanups and random code changes to improve performance
Added a new options to hide the Tick bars border so you only have the status bar
Fixed a few problems with the status bar backgrounds alignment when the border was hidden
Re-added the options to hide the text shadow color that was removed from 0.4 Beta
Fixed a bug that caused the tick bar to show up even when the mod was disabled through /tick off

v0.7 Beta - 0.9 Beta (internal only for druid testing)
---------------------------------------
Druid support added, druids can now this Tick like a Rogue would. This took some optimisation so the last steps of the
beta mode for Tick was configuring this.

v0.6 Beta
---------------------------------------
Due to the huge changes in this version, all your options will be reset (sorry)
---------------------------------------
Completely redone the coloring system, allowing you pick a color for the bar, text and text shadow from a Color Picker
Changed the new color pickers from a standard button to a custom button texture
Added labels to the new color picker buttons to show which is for what option
Fixed a problem that caused the color picker to set the previous selected color to the next one
Fixed an issue with the tab/paging system that didn't allow you to go back/forward a tab until you reach the last one and vice versa
Fixed a new bug that caused the text to stay on the bar when disabled until you hovered over the bar
Added a new opacity scale for the Tick Bar to the bar options (page 2)
Added a new type of show style for the bars, which works "on target" and can be set to show on Hostile/Friendly players and NPCs
Added an option to the show styles which is "always show".
Changed the show styles so you cannot have "Always Show", "Use Combat Flags" and "Use Target" at the same time
Rewrote numerous functions in the mod and did random code cleanups.
Added a new way to show the text if you enable it, which is "On Target" and the text will appear when you gain any target
Added another new way to show the text, "On In Combat" shows the text of the bar only when you enter combat
Added a new option to disable the right click of the bar, so you don't accidently click it whilst playing.
Added 6 textures to the mod, which you can cycle through and pick your favourite on the 2nd page of the mod
Readded the sounds to page 2 of the mod, in a slider again (they were removed in 0.5 beta).
Added a new slider in the text options to change the font size of the bar (it scales when you change bar scale)
Added an edit box so a user can set their own bar text, "&e" gets current energy, "&c" gets combo points.
Added localization to the mod, the current localization is for German and French users (the translations might not be 100% correct)
Added a texture example to the texture selector so you can see what it looks like easier
Added a new control to the second page which lets you show or hide the spark/flare that goes up the bar
Fixed a problem that caused the check buttons to not update their localization text when switching client types.
Changed some of the check button text strings to make them easier to understand what they do
Shifted the placement of some of the objects due to the added localization support which caused translated text to be cut short
Fixed a bug that caused the stealthed state option to not reset to 0 when you exit the game with stealth on
Fixed another bug that caused the engaged (combat) state to not reset to 0 when you exited the game whilst in combat
Fixed a problem that gave an error when you already have the Color Picker frame open and tried to open another

v0.5 Beta (interal only)
--------------------------------------
Fixed an issue whereby the first time you open the options when you load or reload the game the text would show on the bar.
Added a tabbing system to the mod, as the space for options will grow and I can't fit it all on one window.
Added two new buttons to go with the tab system (top right of window) the up arrow switches to the next tab, back arrow for the previous.
Split the old options into 3 parts, first page is text, second is bar options and the third is general settings.
Redesigned the color/sound/scale options to show which bar is for what option and are now horizontally set.

v0.42 Beta
---------------------------------------
Fixed another localization issue that caused the mod to mess up due to old saved variables on non-english clients. Sorry for the hassle, but I don't have a non-english client to test this stuff :)

v0.41 Beta
---------------------------------------
Fixed a localization issue that stopped the mod loading on non-english clients.

v0.4 Beta
---------------------------------------
Added dummy functions to control the loading of the mod when it was loaded with a non-Rogue class
Added a selection (8 in total) of audible sounds that you can pick from which will play when the tick happens (0 is off).
Fixed a bug that caused the bar to show OnLoad if you had 'Check on Stealth' enabled and 'Use Combat Flags' enabled
Fixed the tick sound that caused the sound to happen when the bar wasn't shown
Fixed a bug that caused the bar to appear OnLoad if you had 'Check on Stealth' enabled but didn't have 'Use Combat Flags' enabled
Added new function to update the mod so people don't have to wipe their saved settings when a new version comes out
Fixed a problem that caused a basic messed up bar to appear on the screen if you entered the game/reloaded the ui with '/tick off'
Changed the intial text that appears on load to show the version of Tick and it's current status (on or off).
Fixed an issue whereby the first time you open the options when you load or reload the game the text would show on the bar

v0.3 Beta
---------------------------------------
First public release, rest was local testing or tested by close friends
Fixed an annoying bug that made the tick bar restore to default settings on load until you opened the options window
Fixed a bug that caused the mod to not initialise the users saved bar scale
More various cleanups of code and removal of old redundant code

v0.2 Alpha
---------------------------------------
Fixed a huge error that caused the tick bar to now show up again if entering combat from stealth
Fixed a bug that allowed you to have 'On Hover' and 'Always Show' ticked at the same time
Various code cleanups in the main lua and xml files and removal of old redundant code
Added a new slider bar to control the text shadow of the tick bar text, cycles through colors and bottom is transparent
Added all the saved variables to the toc file and stored them for future use
Checkboxes text now turns gray at the appropriate times when the box has been disabled

v0.1 Alpha
---------------------------------------
Initial alpha release / test phase