The WatchTower v1.9
Made by Clangadin

HomePAGE: www.grimeygames.com/wow

Current Team Members:  Clangadin, Sancho, Aragent, Nathanmx

DISCUSSION: http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.aspx?fn=wow-interface-customization&t=40813&p=2

MIRROR SITES:
	- http://ui.worldofwar.net/ui.php?id=103 (PLEASE VOTE FOR US)
	- http://www.curse-gaming.com/mod.php?addid=281 (PLEASE VOTE FOR US)



	How to use: Step 1) 	Unzip in your WoW/Interface/AddOns directory, thats it. 
		    Step 2) 	Load WoW, set up your Key Bindings. 
		    		The WatchTower should have a listings in your Key Bindings interface.
		    Step 3)	Open up the options menu (if it didn't open automatically) via the
				bindable key or /wt options
		    Step 4a)	Select an enemy player and use the bind for report
				OR
		    Step 4b)	Use the bind for multiple reporting,  mouseover enemy players,
				and use the same bind again

	Preferences: Key Bindings and Channel Broadcasts.
	
	Contributions: Rownes Variable Saves/Loads and GUI Detection.
			Sancho's multiple enemy reporting code.
			Jhax's PvP enabled/disabled report fix.
			Torgo's AlarmSystem code (and voozoodoo for helping rip some)

Changelog:

v11200-2
	Radarblip no longer included since it uses a redundant addon
	11200-2 Bug Fixes
		--Options menu should now only come up the first time the addon is loaded, or after a
		  new version is installed
v11200  Added custom channel feature (finally)
        Added custom message feature
	Menu button added in Cosmos menu (Khaos menu scrapped)
	Option added to output to battleground chat (1.12 /bg)
	Option added to report a player's server (1.12 cross realm BG)
	11200 Bug Fixes
		-Lots
v1.7 	Added Cosmos (Khaos) and UUI compatibility
	Added tons of various fixes and changes
v1.6 	Additions by Sancho:  Changed addon to use UnitLevel() appropriately (changed by blizzard
	to return -1 when the enemy is 10 levels above you).  Added Verbose and Debug Modes.  Added
	output options for single enemy reporting.  Added Player Name/Guild info to output options.
	Coordinate functionality taken from AlarmSystem, thanks to Torgo, the author, and voozoodoo
	for ripping it.
	1.6 Bug Fixes
		-Removed Heading functionality (UnitFacing() taken out by blizzard)
		-Fixed typo that was messing up raid channel reporting
		-Fix by Jhax: Now reports pvp enabled/disabled correctly
v1.5 	Additions by Sancho:  Multiple enemy reporting, Raid channel broadcasting
	1.5 Bug Fixes
		-Fixed faction auto-detection (hopefully) and removed from saved variable list
		-Fixed language auto-detection (hopefully) and removed from saved variable list
v1.4 	Added detection for GUI to show saved settings. Added Rownes Variable saves and GUI detection.
	1.4 Bug Fixes
		- Auto Language detection to determine what language the message should be sent in.
		- Removed bug causing error on NPC Targeting. Will now display message that player can only
		  target players of the selected enemy faction.

v1.3 	Added GUI interface...and options to send message to Party, Guild and Local Def. 
			added Simple slash commands.
v1.2 	Corrected Autofaction code. Added Message notification of Enemy Faction, also added 
		 	message telling user if Target is currently PVP enabled or not. 
v1.1 	Removed the Player Set variable of WTChannel to allow program to post to Local Defense.
			Added autodetect for faction on load of Watch Tower. WatchTower will now automatically
			set your enemy faction to the opposite of that which you are playing.

v1.0  Sends message containing targets Faction, Race, Level, Subzone and Heading (Compass Style)